applications: nrf_desktop: Fix HID subscription errors in hid_forward (#15141)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Enabled the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_CONFIG_CHANNEL_OUT_REPORT <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option for the nRF Desktop peripherals with :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu`.
    The option mitigates HID report rate drops during DFU image transfer through the nRF Desktop dongle.
    The output report is also enabled for the ``nrf52kbd_nrf52832`` build target in the debug configuration to maintain consistency with the release configuration.

>   * Replaced :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_L2CAP_TX_BUF_COUNT` Kconfig option with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ATT_TX_COUNT` Kconfig option in nRF Desktop dongle configurations.
>     Update is needed to align with new approach that was introduced to ``sdk-zephyr`` by the following commit: ``a05a47573a11ba8a78dadc5d3229659f24ddd32f``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Replaced the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_L2CAP_TX_BUF_COUNT` Kconfig option with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ATT_TX_COUNT` in nRF Desktop dongle configurations.
    This update is needed to align with the new approach introduced in ``sdk-zephyr`` by commit ``a05a47573a11ba8a78dadc5d3229659f24ddd32f``.
```
